# JustEnoughReading

JustEnoughReading (JER) is a Chrome extension that utilizes Large-Language Model (LLM) to help summarize, translate, and analyze the text and articles on specific websites.

## **Features**

- Get summarization of website contents in a short time generated by models. Text length can be customized and summarizations can be translated online using the models too.
- Translation of a whole page of website using LLM is also available, which should give similar experience as Chrome vanilla Google website Translation but will provide a better one since it has been processed through AI!
- You can analyze the article on the website using custom prompts. For example, you can analyze what emotion is the author or creator having when creating the article or the website!
- The User Interface is easy to understand and use. You can get into the extension in less than one minute quickly!

## **Installation Guide**

Follow these steps to install Meerkat manually:

1. Download the latest release from GitHub Releases.
2. Extract the .zip file locally.
3. Open Google Chrome and navigate to: chrome://extensions/
4. Enable Developer Mode (Top-right corner ... => More Tools).
5. Click Load Unpacked and select the **extracted** folder.
6. JER is now running on your Chrome!

## **Other Information**

The LLM used in the extension is GPT API.

Copyright: For OSU HackAI 2025. Copyright &copy; 2025 JustEnoughReading

## **Our Team**

Zheng Ni ([o-v-o](https://o-v-o.xyz/)) - from the Ohio State University \
Rocky Fang - from the Ohio State University \
Mumu Li (n3xta) - from New York University \
Allen Wu (Windsun) - from University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
